A road running along by the sea. A couple walk their dog on the flat beach and 
a jogger runs past. The sky above is pale and dappled with light grey clouds.

###.

What happens while. The title ends with just a line. A man parks a sleek white 
BMW on the road by the sea. Talking on his mobile phone he gets out of the car 
and opens the boot.

###.

The man put a brief case in the boot of the car and took out a stripy cotton 
bag. He's wearing a suit. He has short light brown hair and a beard. He puts on 
a pair of aviator style sunglasses.

###.

James: The businessman. He walks along with the bag on his shoulder and makes a 
phone call.

###.

Wearing swimming trunks James lies down on a towel on the sandy beach.

###.

He relaxes, rubs his eyes and lets his arms flop out to his sides. He gently 
caresses the sand with his fingers.

###.

He sits up and answers his phone.

###.

He looks around frowning

###.

James hangs up and tosses his phone aside. He's a craggy faced man in his late 
forties with a slight paunch. He stands up and walks along the sand as waves 
gently roll in. The coast curves round in the distance with industrial 
buildings running along it. James stops walking and turns in the other 
direction. As the strange sound begins again he stops and looks around.

###.

Heavy browed James frowns and steps towards the water's edge, he continues to 
look around as he walks along the sand.

###.

James goes back to his things. He picks up his shirt and puts it on.

###.

Fully dressed in his suit and with his shirt open James walks along by some 
trees. He tramps along a track running up a hill between scrubby bushes. 
Further up are craggy white rocks.

###.

A man sits tapping a lidded takeaway coffee cup with his fingers. He wears 
jeans and a dark green vest. He's about 60 with fine shaggy grey hair and a 
beard. He shakes his head and lets out a long weary breath. He runs his finger 
round the coffee cup lid then pulls it off. He holds up the half full cup of 
black coffee and has a drink.

###.

Rick: The Retiree. Rick wears a chain necklace around his neck. He's sitting in 
the middle of three chairs in a park. He nervously jiggles his right leg up and 
down, puts the cup on the chair beside him and restlessly claps his hands 
together.

###.

Rick looks agitated. He takes his mobile phone from his back pocket, opens the 
cover and scans through his contacts. He stops at Craig Anderson, and makes a 
call.

###.

At the sound he looks up and frowns.

###.

He looks up again, frowning.

###.

Rick leaves the coffee cup on the seat, gets up and walks away, looking around 
as he goes. A young woman of about twenty sits at a desk typing. She has long 
red hair that hangs loose in ringlets.

###.

She restlessly chews a pencil.

###.

Jess: The Student.

###.

She searches for her phone.

###.

Jess finds her phone under some papers and answers it.

###.

Frowning she hangs up and looks around, puzzled by the sound.

###.

She gets up and grabs a coat. Wearing her brown parka she walks up a hill. Tall 
grass and bushes surround her. She keeps looking around as she goes.

###.

Jess hurries away. Rick, James and Jess stand in a sandy clearing at the edge 
of scrubland. They look around in confusion. Rick talks on his phone.

###.

Under bright sunshine they all look up, puzzled. A breeze blows around them.

###.

Grasping his forehead he shrugs.

###.

Rick points at them.

###.

Rick nods.

###.

James smiles.

###.

They consider. Rick shrugs and Jess shakes her head.

###.

Rick follows James. Jess thinks for a moment andsmiles to her self.

###.

Jess runs over and joins the other two. They walk off together towards the 
scrubland.

###.

The screen cuts to black.

###.

A woman talks on her phone as she hangs out washing. She frowns, at the sound. 
She says: 'No, I couldn't. I have to finish, really. No! What are you talking 
about? Of course yes, our luggage is ready. Listen, I cannot talk right now. I 
have to leave you.' She looks increasingly disturbed by the sound: Zoe: The 
Next One.

###.

