On an overcast day, a man and a woman walk by the seaside with a large, lanky 
dog. A jogger passes them in the opposite direction. The dog pauses to sniff 
the ground and trots onwards.

###.

Black text on a white screen appears, reading: 'What happens while', followed 
by a long black line. A man in a suit and tie and talking on a cellphone pulls 
up by the seaside in a white BMW.

###.

Pocketing his cellphone, the bearded man chucks his briefcase in the boot of 
his car and dons a pair of aviator sunglasses.

###.

White text reads: James, The businessman. Later, James makes another call.

###.

Later, a shirtless James lies back on his beach towel on the sand.

###.

Looking weary, he places his hands on his eyes, then trails his fingers through 
the pale sand.

###.

Frowning, James sits up.

###.

He looks distracted.

###.

James hangs up, then with his brow furrowed, he stands, wearing only his boxer 
briefs, on the seemingly deserted beach.

###.

He walks near the calm water's edge, scanning the horizon.

###.

Looking pertured, James continues looking away from the water, his eyes 
darting. He ambles back to his pile of clothes and puts on his grey business 
shirt.

###.

Later, now fully clothed, James marches down a street lined with leafy trees.

###.

He slowly makes his way up a steep, craggy slope with dry vegetation. A man 
taps his finger on a takeaway coffee cup.

###.

Wearing a singlet, the man has a greying beard and frizzy hair. He gives a wry 
smile and looks down.

###.

He traces his finger around the white plastic lid, then removes it. Examining 
the dark liquid contents, he holds the cup to his mouth, pauses, then takes a 
sip.

###.

White text reads: Rick, The retiree. Rick sits on a wooden chair in a leafy 
urban park. Hejiggles his knee as he continues sipping his drink. With a shake 
of his head, he places the cup on a seat next to him then claps his hands 
together.

###.

Taking his phone from his back trouser pocket, Rick scrolls through his contact 
list. He presses the screen to call Craig Anderson and holds the phone to his 
ear.

###.

Rick looks up, confused.

###.

Rick frowns.

###.

Pocketing his phone, Rick gets up and leaves his takeaway cup on the seat. He 
casts his eyes skyward as he walks away. A woman with tightly curled brunette 
hair holds a penci!to her mouth.

###.

A woman with tightly curled brunette hair holds a penci!to her mouth.

###.

White text reads: Jess, The student.

###.

Checking behind her laptop, Jess locates her phone under a pile of papers.

###.

Jess disconnects the call and looks around, her eyes roving.

###.

Later, Jess is outside, making her way through the grassy foliage on a slope 
before trotting out of sight.

###.

Jess emerges on to a dry plateau under a cloudless sky where Rick and James 
stand. James gives a small shrug, and Rick gestures to his ear.

###.

James nods. Jess' eyes widen.

###.

James shields his eyes as he looks up into the harsh sunlight.

###.

The trio glances at each other, and Rick and Jess shake their heads.

###.

Rick raises his arms.

###.

James shakes his palms.

###.

Rick follows him. After a moment's thought, Jess also follows.

###.

She jogs to catch up and falls in line between Rick and James, who put an arm 
around her shoulders.

###.

The trio head off the plateau and towards the scrub. Cut to black. A woman is 
on the phone while pegging out washing.

###.

Subtitles read: No, I couldn't. I have to finish, really.

###.

No! What are you talking about? Of course, yes, our luggage is ready.

###.

Listen, I cannot talk right now. I have to leave you. White text reads: Zoe, 
The next one.

###.

