A sandy promenade at the seaside in pale dawn light. A man in a tracksuit jogs 
past a couple with a large dog, which stops to sniff at something in the sand 
before trotting onwards.

###.

A title on screen. What Happens While...

###.

A bearded man in a suit parks his expensive car by the promenade and gets out 
while on the phone.

###.

Putting his phone away, he takes his sunglasses from his chest pocket and sighs 
wearily as he puts them on.

###.

Onscreen. James - the businessman. He's carrying a stripy beach bag.

###.

Bare-chested down on the beach, he flops onto a towel.

###.

Closing his eyes, he rubs his face wearily, then runs his left hand over the 
sand, letting some of it trickle through his fingers.

###.

He looks around in confusion.

###.

Dropping his phone, he gets up and walks along the seashore in his swimming 
trunks, scanning his surroundings for the source of the sound. Behind him, city 
buildings across the water blur against the hazy horizon.

###.

James turns back towards his towel.

###.

Walking back towards the ocean, he looks around him again with an increasingly 
puzzled expression.

###.

Heading back up the beach, he returns to his belongings and picks up his grey 
business shirt, still looking around in confusion as he pulls the sleeves over 
his arms.

###.

Dressed in his suit again, James strolls down the promenade and scrambles up a 
sandy embankment overgrown with dry shrubs, grasses and cacti.

###.

Two hands holding a takeaway coffee cup. They belong to a thick-set man with a 
greying beard and fuzzy grey hair. His large eyes look about him.

###.

He taps the lid of his coffee cup before taking it off and smelling the black 
coffee. He sips it with a look of resignation.

###.

Rick - the retiree. He's sitting on a park bench in dappled shade, wearing an 
olive-green vest that exposes the chain around his neck and the tattoos on his 
arm. He taps his right leg restlessly as he takes another sip of coffee, then 
he puts the cup aside and claps his hands aimlessly.

###.

Taking a phone from his back pocket, he searches his list of contacts before 
choosing the number of someone called Craig Anderson.

###.

Rick frowns at the sky.

###.

He frowns again.

###.

He leaves his coffee behind as he pockets his phone and walks through the park, 
scanning the air above his head.

###.

A young woman with springy red-brown curls is studying at her laptop. Jess - 
the student.

###.

She searches her cluttered desk.

###.

She finds her phone.

###.

Jess looks around her with a puzzled expression.

###.

Outside, dressed in a warm jacket, jeans and a scarf, Jess scans her 
surroundings, then climbs up an overgrown hillside with the sun glinting on her 
long, springy hair. She pauses to look around, then hurries onward. At the top 
of the ridge is a clearing, where James and Rick are standing on an expanse of 
sandy dirt. Jess joins them.

###.

They all look mystified.

###.

They all look baffled by the disembodied voice.

###.

He shrugs.

###.

With a shrug, Rick shakes his head.

###.

James smiles.

###.

Rick follows James, but Jess lingers behind, looking pensive.

###.

She jogs after the others, and James puts his arm around her as she walks 
between him and Rick back to the overgrown ridge at the edge of the clearing.

###.

Blackout, then a woman with black dreadlocks hanging washing on a rooftop. She 
says into her phone, "No, I couldn't. I have to finish, really. No! What are 
you talking about? Of course yes, our luggage is ready..."

###.

Looking about with a frown she says, "Listen, I cannot talk right now. I have 
to leave you." Onscreen: Zoe, the next one.

###.

'What Happens While...'

###.

